Uptime_kuma (#20227)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/uptime_kuma.markdown

---
title: Uptime Kuma
description: Instructions on how to integrate Upttime Kuma monitors into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Binary Sensor
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_release: 2021.12
ha_domain: uptime_kuma
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@meichthys'
ha_platforms:
  - binary_sensor
---

> The Uptime Kuma integration exposes the Uptime Kuma `/metrics` endpoint information in Home Assistant.

Reviewer: Add a description on what Uptime Kuma is.

I'm not sure if telling `/metrics` endpoint is used, is something the end-user is interested in / needs to know.

Maybe add a link to Uptime Kuma itself as well?

  - binary_sensor
---

> Uptime Kuma is a self-hosted monitoring tool like "Uptime Robot" that is used to monitor the status of almost any network connected service.

Reviewer: UptimeRobot is a single word.

```suggestion
Uptime Kuma is a self-hosted monitoring tool like "[UptimeRobot](/integrations/uptimerobot)" that is used to monitor the status of almost any network-connected service.
```
